All right.
So in this video, we're going to lay the foundations for our architecture, and that means we're going
to have ended GM and our health dependency injection now for health dependency injection.
We're only going to need that for injecting our Firebase services.
So we're going to have three services authentication, storage and firestorm.
OK, that is the database.
So we're going to use health to inject that into our view model.
And since we're doing that, let's go ahead and put the kind of foundation for our needle architecture
as well.
All right.
So this is not very difficult to do, especially since we're quite limited in scope.
So let's go ahead and go and create a new Kotlin file.
And this is going to be our Instagram.
Clone application.
OK, so we need this application class for our hilt.
OK, and we're going to annotate it with Health Android app.
OK, now this is going to extend from application.
OK, so now we have our application class, this is basically the extent of this class, we're not going
to need it for anything else.
However, we will need to declare it in our manifest.
So go ahead and hit double shift and type Android Manifest.
OK.
Open up the file.
And here inside the application, we're going to declare our application file, so it's going to be
name.
So Android's common name and this is going to be dot Instagram, clone application or whatever name
you gave to it.
Also, since we're in the Android Manifest now, let's go ahead and add the permission for internet.
So I'm going to have users permission and we're going to have internet here.
OK?
Make sure use this permission is outside of the application, but still inside the manifest tag.
All right.
So we're done with Android Manifest.
Now let's go ahead and create our hilt module.
We're going to need a module because we need to specify how we create or access those services from
Firebase.
OK, so let's go ahead and create a new custom file, and I'm going to call this health module.
OK.
Now here, I'm going to declare this as a model, and I'm going to annotated with install in.
But here we don't have the The View model class yet, so I'm just going to leave this empty for now.
Now inside the class, I'm going to have a at provides with fun provide.
Authentication, the name here doesn't really matter.
And this is going to return a Typekit firebase.
Authentication and that is going to be equal to Firebase.
Dot us.
All right.
So let me import Firebase as well.
All right, so that is four that is all for authentication that we need to also provide a function,
provide firestorm.
This will return any type Firebase fires for.
OK.
And it's simply going to be equal to Firebase Dot Firestorm.
Very simple.
And finally, we're going to need the storage.
So app provides fun, provide storage.
We'll return a fire based storage that is equal to Firebase dark storage.
OK, very, very simple and kind of straightforward.
OK, so we have our health module.
Let's go ahead and create our view model where we need to install these these services.
OK, so I'm going to create a new cognitive file, and here I have.
I'm going to call this simply ECG view model.
OK, so this is my Instagram view model, and this will extend from view model.
All right, we now have the class, so let's go in.
Health module and declare it here.
So I'm going to have.
Actually, we don't need the class itself.
We just need to view model components.
My mistake, so do might model component double colon class.
This just says that we need to.
We require this module to provide whatever services we declare to a view model type of model components.
OK.
If you're not familiar what with what the components, modules and so on me, check out my other courses
on dagger and Hilts.
Those are specifically designed to teach you that.
All right, so vehemently.
Component here.
Now let's go to our review model, and here we're going to declare this with an annotation at Health
View model.
OK, we have our Hillview model and this will allow us to inject whatever services we require inside
the constructor.
So I'm going to have right after the IG view model, but before the column here, I'm going to have
to inject.
OK.
Constructeur.
OK, let's make sure that we import this injection.
OK, so we have our constructor and here we declare these three services that we need.
So Val, all of type Firebase calls.
OK, we have Val DB is going to be Firebase Fire Storm.
And the oil storage is going to be a tight, fire based storage.
All right.
Excellent, so we have our module, we have our view model.
So now these variables are going to be injected here, OK, right?
So we have that the last piece of the puzzle is in our main activity.
We're going to declare this as Android's entry point.
OK, so we're going to let him know that we want injection done here.
I'm going to remove this greeting composable.
When you remove it from here, and I just want to declare another composable fun Instagram app.
OK.
And I'm going to call it here in my phone, creates Instagram.
And let's call it in the preview as well.
All right.
So all I want to do here is I want to validate the fact that I get a view model that that is created.
So I'm going to have now VM is going to be hilt view model.
And here I need to provide the type.
And this is going to be IG view model.
OK, so that's all we need to do for the system to create the view model for us and pass it into this
variable.
OK, I'm just going to debug here to make sure that everything is fine, then it's a vote equals zero
so that I can stop it at this line and let's go ahead and run the code in debug mode.
And if all goes well, we will have an instance of the new model, which means that our functionality,
our health functionality, is working as expected and.
Right, and we will be able to continue on with developing the rest of the application.
OK, so we can see here that we have a new model created.
OK, so all is well, our hilt functionality is working.
Our view model functionality is working as well.
All right.
That's it for this video.
I'll see you in the next one.